Added custom entity data parameters (#2007)
MCreator/MCreator: plugins/mcreator-localization/help/default/entity/entity_data.md

> Add specific variables to your custom entity. 

Reviewer: Позволяет определить для данной сущности дополнительные переменные. 
Эти переменные синхронизируются между стороной клиента и стороной сервера, что позволяет использовать их, например, для смены текстуры данной сущности.

> Add specific variables to your custom entity. 

Reviewer 2: Custom would probably fit better than specific

> These variables are synchronised between the client and the server, meaning one of them can be used to change the texture of your entity.

Reviewer: Why are you specifically pointing out switching entity textures? You said it can be used for many more things.
```suggestion
These variables are synchronized between client side and server side, so, unlike NBT tags, they can be used
to change any properties of this entity (for example, its texture).
```
